---
layout: default-layout
title: projects Management
keywords: projects, manage license
description: This page is about managing projects for licenses.
breadcrumbText: projects
needAutoGenerateSidebar: true
noTitleIndex: true
---

# Project Configurartion 

Each license key corresponds to a project. In this article, we'll cover the following topics:

* [View existing projects](#view-existing-projects)
* [Add a project](#add-a-project)
* [Edit a project](#edit-a-project)
* [Change license usage order](#change-license-usage-order)
* [View the statistcs of a project](#view-statistics)

## View existing projects

A project is generated by default for each activated license file when it is imported into DLS. The license file may contain one or multiple License Items. 

On the "projects" page, you can see information about the existing projects including the names, the corresponding license key, the license items, etc. for each code.

> Although default projects are generated per license file, the codes themselves have nothing to do with the license files. In fact, the codes are only related to the license items configured to them and these items can come from any license file that has been imported into DLS.

## Add a project

When you add a project, you can configure it in a few ways
  
* Assign a string as the name of the project. 

* Configure License Items for the project

  All activated License Items will show up on the page, you can choose one or multiple items and add it to the project.

* Set one or multiple validation field(s) as the binding information.

> Read more on [what is Validation Field]({{site.about}}terms.html#validation-field)

* Set a Session Password

> Read more on [what is Session Password]({{site.about}}terms.html#session-password)

## Edit a project

You can edit any existing project, the things you can change are exactly the same as when you [add a project](#add-a-project).

## Change License Usage Order

If multiple License Items are configured to one project, the question of which License Item is used first will arise. DLS has a default order which follows these rules

* The one with the closest expiration date is consumed first or
* The one containing the most specific permit is consumed first or
* The one containing the least restrictive permit is consumed first

With the default order, the project should be able to take full advantage of all License Items. However, you can still rearrange the order as you see fit by clicking on the button "Change License Usage Order".

## View Statistics

You can click "View Statistics" under a project to view its statistics.

On the top of the statistics page, you will see all the License Items configured to this project. You can click the id of each License Item to view its own statistics.

Below the License Items, you can see a chart showing usage over a period of time. When you click on a certain date on the chart, you can view detailed usage of that day at the bottom of the page.

> Adding or removing License Items to/from the project will not affect the historical figures for that project.